well I heard about fellow human and to
win all over the neighborhood spawned us
me baby can you think
if I do
swish dead
shake it up baby
remember to do
sorry
these alright within your life uncle
wonderful and the lovely dress is a pity
they didn't have time to finish it there
then cake another fantastic energy and
your finishers are excellent I have to
say they really are won a small thing
occasionally your kicks and flicks land
between two stools said neither
sometimes in front or neither to the
side patiently but amazing okay yeah
please share your rocking you're rolling
you're jiving you're shaking your tail
the jive is associated with youth and I
hope you get the use of britain up on
their feet and jiving yeah okay
we weren't fun fast fantastic okay